Here's the general game plan of how this project will work. Ideally this is all we need to get this thing complete.

Step 1: Reduce the data. This is simple, done it a million times, easy peasy. 
Will end up with 6 or 7 separate images (Long/Medium/Short exposures in the B, V, R bands). 
DONE!!! easy peasy. 
V band images look a little sus - it might be nice to get some more data so I have more than just 2 images at each setting. 


Step 2: Identify Star pixel positions in the data. 
Will have a big numpy array with star ID, pixel x-y coords.
- DAOStarFinder is gonna be a big help here.


Step 3: Match Identified Stars to SIMBAD stars, get parallax distance for each. 
Will have a big numpy array with star name, pixel x-y coords, real world RA/Dec coords, Distance/Parallax(?) columns.
- SIMBAD? Other resources shown in class powerpoint April 10?


Step 4: Aperture Photometry on each star? Try to find a standard star in the image to calibrate for absolute magnitude. 
Will be able to add a 'absolute magnitude' in each band to the end of the column, along with color values for B-V and V-R. 
- Need to refresh on exactly how this process works. Think there was a tutorial in the 'What's in an Image?' module.


Step 5: HR Diagram fitting. Use the color values to determine the temp of the stars. Use the distance + magnitude to estimate absolute magnitude.
Will end up with a nice HR diagram of the whole image showing what we're able to see for each star. Should make it easier to identify any non-cluster members in our image.
- Need to understand more on HR diagrams. Study up!


Step 6: Possible Analysis.
Plot the data as a 3D Matplotlib scatter. Examine structure!
Make age estimations based on deviation from the HR path?
- HR diagrams are gonna need to be something I understand a lot better to really get this one. 

Maybe there's an interesting relationship between distance to the center and age? estimated mass? Would expect more/brighter stars near center. Is that true?
- Probably gonna want a couple different plots for this one. Take avg distance/RA/Dec position as the center and then calculate radial distance vs some value to get a nice 2D chart.

Can we determine if the cluster is spinning? Why or why not? If so, can we make a guess at how fast? 
- This needs research. Read some papers! Study up!
